you
just had a excellent game against
Fiorentina really two teams that were
well matched and played in the good
spirit in terms of it was all about the
soccer and there wasn't so much of the
physical or dirty play and both teams
actually trying to attack so on that
piece were delighted didn't have the
greatest of starts gave away an early
goal a goal from three I would say three
mistakes that started with a giveaway
and ended up in the back of the net good
wake-up call for us we got set it was a
good step back it's good to see how the
personality reacted to something that
was a little adverse situation it's
managed to crawl back in the game
shortly after the goal and then I think
the upper hand throughout the rest of
the first half after maybe 15 minutes I
thought more clearly on top to score two
goals so making it 3-1 when we first
walked onto the field I don't think we
were that ready I scored an early goal
on us which brought out and we're all
down but we picked it up we showed a lot
of character and it came out on top
their style of players are different
because they were faster and physical
very strong
very physical and I had physical
dominance over us when they scored first
I was a little nervous but when we
explored I got a little confidence and
then I scored the second half was highly
contested they came out a little bit
higher and festus higher and did it did
a good job closing us down making our
possession game hard but our guys did
enough to see the game through and a
couple of good saves and certainly some
near near misses from us
mr. penalty kick that's a little
disappointing that could have made the
game a lot more comfortable at the end
but you know it's when all said and done
I think we should be happy with the 3-1
results against very quality high
quality side
just played yesterday the temple is
really fast we're expecting the next
game to be faster probably harder and
stronger
boys wait opportunity like this is a
great chance how many times do you think
at your own age you're gonna be able to
play don't lose the wardroom you need to
start well just finished up a wonderful
game against Inter Milan wonderful
stadium with great fields really really
high-quality you saw the game I thought
they were excellent
I thought our boys did exceptionally
well to gain a nil nil draw but it was a
game that wasn't without chances I think
we in first half we had three or four
clear chances that could have gone in
and in the second half I think that they
had one or two that obviously gave us
some trouble but overall I thought for
given the circumstances for our guys and
third game in four days third high-level
game in four days I thought that our
response was excellent Inter Milan was a
tight and hard game we pushed hard score
but we just couldn't get it in
today's game was a very tough one they
played much different style of a game
that we usually do which made us which
made us got a little nervous that we
changed me been to their system of play
and it was harder for us to finish so
even though 0-0 we still played pretty
well and we'll hold for more tomorrow
the tempo was past great big players
second half came different players all
big and strong we all played our hearts
out today's game against inter will be a
good preparation and a good visual vote
we're gonna see tomorrow against
Juventus we're gonna come out stronger
more powerful against bigger and faster
players well it was a tough game against
Inter if a couple bounces would've gone
our way it could have been a whole
different game but we didn't put away
our chances and we let them hang in
there till the end Alex made some saves
though and ended up 0-0 it was a good
game we do have one more game at
Juventus in Turin which will be another
excellent opportunity for our boys to be
tested and squeezed a little bit in
terms of being a position where they're
uncomfortable with the level of play at
times and certainly gives them great
hope for the future playing games at
this level our next game is against
Juventus so we'll see what your answers
can do the next game
professional suffer as well with him
into PCI